---
layout: post
title:  "Ubuntu 安装 openjdk 1.7"
date:   2017-08-03
excerpt: "Ubuntu 安装 openjdk 1.7"
tag:
- OPEN jdk 1.7
- 
- 
---
#Option 1: Manual Installation

## 1.Download the packages intended for your architecture:
(for most users, this means amd64 if 64bit, or i386 if 32bit Ubuntu is installed)
[openjdk-7-jdk](https://packages.debian.org/experimental/openjdk-7-jdk)
[openjdk-7-jre](https://packages.debian.org/experimental/openjdk-7-jre)
[openjdk-7-jre-headless](https://packages.debian.org/experimental/openjdk-7-jre-headless)
[libjpeg62-turbo](https://packages.debian.org/sid/libjpeg62-turbo)
## 2.(Attempt to) install the packages using dpkg:
sudo dpkg -i openjdk-7-* libjpeg62-turbo*
## 3。 Check the output from dpkg. If there were dependency problems - which is likely - you will see the following (with your architecture substituted for amd64):

Errors were encountered while processing:
openjdk-7-jre:amd64
openjdk-7-jre-headless:amd64
openjdk-7-jdk:amd64
If there were no dependency issues, great, you're done, skip to #4. Otherwise, if you need to resolve some dependency issues, this is handled with:

sudo apt install -f
Notice, there is no need to re-run dpkg after letting apt resolve dependencies. It will automatically finish installation of the openjdk packages.
## 4.Update java alternatives. You can view all installed java versions with update-java-alternatives --list. To activate OpenJDK Java 1.7, run:

sudo update-java-alternatives -s java-1.7.0-openjdk-amd64
You may notice an error about the IcedTeaPlugin.so plugin being unavailable. This isn't a real concern for developers working with the JDK.
## 5.Verify java is working:

java -version
which should output something similar to:
java version "1.7.0_121"
OpenJDK Runtime Environment (IcedTea 2.6.8) (7u121-2.6.8-1)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 24.121-b00, mixed mode)
